adds coverage for e-c 2.0.0.beta.1 (#774)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2020-09-25-the-ember-times-issue-164.md

---

## [ember-concurrency 2.0.0.beta-1 🎉](https://twitter.com/m4xm4n/status/1308945677800681473)

> There's a [new beta](https://github.com/machty/ember-concurrency/releases/tag/2.0.0-beta.1) of `ember-concurrency` released! Thanks to the hard work of [Max Fierke (@maxfierke)](https://github.com/maxfierke) 2.0.0.beta-1 introduces `@tracked` on Ember 3.16+, removes the ability to directly use the `{{aciton helper}}`, and removes the `get` and `set` compatibility methods from `Task`, `TaskGroup`, and `TaskInstance`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's a [new beta release](https://github.com/machty/ember-concurrency/releases/tag/2.0.0-beta.1) of `ember-concurrency`! Thanks to the hard work of [Max Fierke (@maxfierke)](https://github.com/maxfierke) 2.0.0.beta-1 introduces `@tracked` on Ember 3.16+, removes the ability to directly use the `{{action}}` helper, and removes the `get` and `set` compatibility methods from `Task`, `TaskGroup`, and `TaskInstance`.
```

> As Max mentions in his tweet, 2.x is largely compatible with 1.x, so for users that maintain addons that depend on `ember-concurrency`, ti would be very helpful if you can use a wider version range so that folks can try the 2.x betas, and upgrade when they're able. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Max mentions in his tweet, 2.x is largely compatible with 1.x. For users that maintain addons that depend on `ember-concurrency`, it would be very helpful if you can use a wider version range so that some folks can try the 2.x betas and others can upgrade when they're able to. 
```

More information about this and about upgrading to 2.0.0-beta.1 and other future 2.x releases in

> general can be found in the [updgrade document](https://github.com/machty/ember-concurrency/blob/v2/UPGRADING-2.x.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
general can be found in the [upgrade document](https://github.com/machty/ember-concurrency/blob/v2/UPGRADING-2.x.md).
```
